README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Update README.md to reflect project details and setup instructions

README.md, after:

# Church Site

This is a website for a church, built with Next.js and Tailwind CSS.

## Getting Started

First, install the dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

Then, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

- `npm run dev`: Runs the app in the development mode using Turbopack.
- `npm run build`: Builds the app for production using Turbopack.
- `npm run start`: Starts a production server.
- `npm run lint`: Lints the code using Biome.
- `npm run format`: Formats the code using Biome.

## Tech Stack

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) - React framework
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JavaScript library for building user interfaces
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - Typed superset of JavaScript
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) - A utility-first CSS framework
- [Biome](https://biomejs.dev/) - A toolchain for web projects, used for linting and formatting.
